APPTS 9.2.0 release note (#55)
Axway/platform-management-docs: content/en/docs/release_notes/09_02_00_relnotes.md

---
title: Platform Management 9.2.0 release notes
linkTitle: Platform Management 9.2.0 release notes
description: New feature and bug fixes for the release.
weight: 86
date: 2022-02-10
Hide_readingtime: true
---

## Platform Management 9.2.0 - 10 February 2022

Platform Management 9.2.0 is a patch release which includes a new feature and several fixed issues.

## New feature

> * Added a _Devices_ view in the _Account_ section for users using **Amplify Platform** for authentication allowing authorized devices to be viewed and managed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a _Devices_ view in the _Account_ section for users using **{{% variables/platform_prod_name %}}** for authentication allowing authorized devices to be viewed and managed.
```

Reviewer: product variable changes it to Amplify platform

Author: TIL those existed.

## Fixed issues

* Fixed an issue where usage of **Cloud Capacity** subscription entitlements may fail to load on the _Manage Subscriptions_ service.
* Fixed an issue where a banner on the _Users_ view indicating an org had unavailable roles assigned to its members may persist when switching between orgs.

> * Corrected an oudated _Connecting Environements_ documentation link on the _Platform Home_ Getting Started section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Corrected an outdated _Connecting Environments_ documentation link on the _Platform Home_ Getting Started section.
```
